It this video present a publisher subscriber application that communicate with each other using the
ideas and so that's the message.
So first of all I would like to highlight that there was a spelling error as the hour was missing for
the temperature.
I have other art to fix spelling error and also I have combined to then using that make to generate
the correct answer message.
OK.
So as I mentioned before we can use the US and the zip show that the BE sensor to see the content of
the message.
Now we will create an application that uses the ID sensor message.
It will be very similar to the application with all of the threats that the message that will be exchanged
between the talker and the listener will be the same message.
So first let's consider the fire and the sensor potential that pipe.
This is the equivalent of the Talgarth not by application.
So if you remember it'll go by we have an important message then we can either the publisher on the
other topic and we use this message type.
Finally we keep sending a message every second.
So we do exactly the same.
The only difference is that instead of publishing this new message we're going to publish an instant
message.
So when you say you know we want to import the disaster message from the package was Sasha's CPB and
that image is you white because the fire is located it the your folder.
This is the essential CTP package.
And this is the embassy folder with the IDs and so image is located.
So we import from that folder.
Russ essentially CVP This is the name of the package.
And this is the folder where the sensor message type is located.
And then we create a publisher in the same way we did with the Torker.
So instead of using the shuttle to become we to call the topic the sensor topic.
And here we really get the message type of the sensor.
And you find the crew size as before then we initialize the node.
This is the name of the node.
I had the sensor publisher of.
And we will use the same plate of one second.
So this means we want to send one message per second.
And inside the way you will want to find out the sensor object.
And then we repopulate with somebody.
So I'm going to assign an ID equal to one.
I'm going to assign a name equal to Tea Party for example and then we'll assign some values to the temperature
of to humility.
So as you can see here I am assigning some random values for the temperature using random that random
multiplied by some constant Just plus plus minus 2 and something for the immediate.
This is just emulate that we receive kind of random values from Sassenach.
This is just for emulation.
And then I'm going to display the coyote sensor object.
And finally we publish this one.
So let's try this example.
Let me ask you tell me what was the one we need to start a telescope.
OK let me turn that neuron was one of those essential CVB and then I think I see I don't find any.
And you know with all that it was defined here.
The SIRC of the
would be sunset.
So the problem is that when you create a fire in fire by the fire it is not executable.
So we need to make this fight.
You could put in order to be able to run it.
There are different ways on how we can make it so you can come on the fire and click on the properties.
You go to the permissions and then you click on the love executing file as a program.
So in this case Usie is going to appear for us.
This is the sensor publisher.
We can also say for subscribing to tie up we do that later.
So let's start this one.
So as you can see now it's publishing the value of the ID and with some random batches of the temperature.
And do you mean as you can see because users topic this year.
So you'll find we will find that we have discussed that topic.
You can use lots of nice.
We will find that we have an uncensored publisher.
No one that you to.
We can use the rest of.
Go.
And then the name of the top that the or underscore topic
again and you are able to listen to that topic.
So now we get to be a subscriber in the same way that we did for the listener not to listen to this
incoming information.
We can also do stop the evil eye and the censor topic OK.
So as that type is essentially is sensible This is the type of the message.
Now we have only one.
That is the publisher.
No that's not the subscriber.
So the subscriber is going to be in the same way as we can for the listener.
Let me put up the misconduct by the PI We created the subscriber object on the same topic of the Torker
and then we defined the type of the message it was week and now out is to become the answer and then
a chapter back when we do the same strategy in the absence of subscriber time.
So we define subscriber in this case is going to subscribe to the same topic that was published by the
publisher that is called the sense of topic and this is the name of the message type so to impart the
same message that from here.
And when you find a callback function I'm going to call the callback function I will be sensor callback
and it does answer a callback when will receive the message.
And simply going to print the message that you only date and see person for the ID person.
As for the need at some point for the temperature and person point to where you are immediately.
OK.
So lets make it work.
Camisole is the Bangi now on women and going out run our subscriber Clow restaurant was a Sanchez CVB.
So I only see people initially because the subscriber is not me.
Its a good one so I can do the same way I can go here and go to propertys admission and executing the
program file as a program or otherwise we can go to the package to the file itself.
Slush a busy one.
OK I think you answered so we can try as much as we can see this is non-degreed one is a good one but
its not the case or the ID sensor subscriber that like what we can do we can mix the HMO and the permissions
with 777.
So is it enough to really drive and execute the fight.
And then we will do this as a subscriber to buy.
And then the find becomes basically what we can see now its in the green color now.
Now I am able to execute the subscriber growth Rose essentially CPB.
And then the sensor subscriber that by and you'll see it's going to show the data that the CDC every
time new Iraqi data receive what is published 24 83 for 83 it's published.
Again we can do also now to of the info on the topic the central topic.
So we can see we have a substracted publisher that is sort publish a note and a subscriber that is out
to censor subscribers.
And you can see now we have a complete application based on the customers message that we have created
that is the AG sponsored message.
And of course you can do the same for any other type of message that you want to create.
It depends on the application.
So here I made it very simple example using some ideas of the device.
But of course it can be applied to any hardware or any device that you want to get any information from
me and plug it into a custom Cross message.